what is up people of the world just
oscillate between I'm here and in
today's review i'll be reviewing casa by
James Daniel so he's got 18 parts yes I
counted this time I counted beforehand
he's got the bumper the wheels the two
wheels to arms a roof fog lights to fog
lights to fenders and I give an energy
flame a grill two more wheels to side
mirrors and a main body and a chances so
that is 18 parts on all and look I just
really looking at the pattern I can see
this is already gonna be a challenge
look at it you so much parts so little
time so I already built this and don't
touch me alright built it like just get
it out talk to talk about a dog totally
totally fugly come be part ok so that is
to be small that you like really small
so this is PAGASA still happening a
polished look my nail polish so he is
about he's exactly three inches from
that from the feet to the top the head
three inches and he's a really nice toy
look at it he's got these nice details
and this is a new body this is a new
type of pattern unique Wow look at it's
hard to stand to make a stand standing
right now but no there because of the
unique shape ah there fell it it's hard
to try to make a sound because look at
it's like as a coffin shape it's like
wider in the top but it then it gets
narrower when it you when you reach the
feet stop falling stop falling PAGASA
okay so gets narrow when it goes down it
comes with an occupied energy playing
this is a game at power really nice and
so much detail the arms look like
different mistake he said yes the same
color schemes a Stig so I wouldn't be
surprised if people like clear eyes they
were related but you're not they look
like they don't look like they are they
are related and what transform me you
saw me tuck the arms a while ago and put
that head in then
insert this really I like this because
before I had a problem with the
inserting of the those two things into
the back into the body but now I don't
and then just fold that because form so
that is buck assigned gmod lots of lead
lots of detail look Oh fog lights then
there's like the front then which I had
prompt to problems in this making this
one was the grille bumper thing because
gluing the fog lights really difficult
and the other is this the fender and the
wheel problem for me because you have to
estimate where you have to estimate
these wheels where they have supposed to
go and looks and looks even in the
camera but in person doesn't look even
side mirrors there's no problem glue
inside yours except if you just be
careful because these are really small
parts especially the fog lights and the
side mirrors they can easily easily be
be lost with the occupied energy frame I
think you have to you can just slip him
in the body like so
really nice I like this lots of detail
lots of small parts looks good so let me
get into like the bio I've all about
created by the kids of neo republica but
I sighs an optimist whose instincts are
to protect his comrades and the
environment he may be small but he's got
a lot of energy and enthusiasm is the
quality of stars concealed energy
connecting panels that power his
circuitry making them his three bonnell
vulnerable spots so he's got weaknesses
in the head and the knees that's where
his stars are the head and the knees
that's how to kill him I guess in full
stats intelligence for insurance 5
strength for speed for special skill for
it's one of the highest stats I think
one of the most balanced stats of a full
of the bond and wow it's awesome enfold
about mode hit the argument on punk
asses chess gives him spirit energy yeah
we've seen him before his he can channel
a gamma energy to produce to his hand
and use it to produce fire that's where
the argument energy flame comes in
document energy flame was seen in the
original joined by James Danielle and in
the toy but it isn't seen in the artwork
okay vehicle mode its roof conceals
panel that collect panels that collect
solar energy so same solar energy thing
still awesome saving the world he has
photon blasting fog lamps so the fog
lamps the fog lights were ever there in
the grille bumper yeah they shoot like
photo best probably he collects the
energy from his solar panel things he
enjoys performing stunts and long trips
in battle what
non such a long trips he's a Jeep it
doesn't okay oh he's a cheap stunt along
is even capable of doing that sorry
sorry it is going up to this if this
going this is going on too long so the
original design by James Daniel it looks
like it looks like aa agassa it really
looks like him you look at the design
even at E has a different pose but same
design um the buys or the wheels are
still on his shoulders the abdomen the
abdominals change from yellow to gray
and the yellow parts on his feet were
changed to red that's the only thing oh
and the star on his like crotch was
removed and that's about all that I can
see the difference nice nice nice design
so that is all for the foldables report
for today thank you for watching if you
liked my video subscribe favorite like
all that stuff so I will see you next
time